c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\EssentialTools.dll.config
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\EssentialTools.dll
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\EssentialTools.pdb
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\obj\Debug\EssentialTools.dll
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\obj\Debug\EssentialTools.pdb
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\Moq.dll
C:\Users\geras_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\Moq.xml
